Remove Zipkin Extension Documentation from Swan Lake (#1692)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn/observing-ballerina-code.md

### Step 2 - Installing and Configuring the External Systems

> * Setup Prometheus for collecting metrics information by following section on [Setting up Prometheus](#setting-up-prometheus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up Prometheus for collecting metrics information by following the section on [Setting up Prometheus](#setting-up-prometheus)
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

> * Setup Grafana to visualize metrics by following section on [Setting up Grafana](#setting-up-grafana)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up Grafana to visualize metrics by following the section on [Setting up Grafana](#setting-up-grafana)
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

> * Setup Jaeger analyze tracing as mentioned in section [Setting up Jaeger](#setting-up-the-jaeger-server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up Jaeger analyze tracing as mentioned in the section [Setting up Jaeger](#setting-up-the-jaeger-server)
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

> * Setup Elastic Stack only if you are interested in analysing logs by following section on [Setting up Elastic Stack](#setting-up-elastic-stack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set up Elastic Stack only if you are interested in analysing logs by following the section on [Setting up Elastic Stack](#setting-up-elastic-stack)
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

span as metadata.

Ballerina supports [OpenTracing](http://opentracing.io/) standards by default. This means that Ballerina services
can be traced using OpenTracing implementations like [Jaeger](http://www.jaegertracing.io/). Jaeger is the default
tracer of Ballerina.

Semantic tags used by Ballerina also follow the [semantic conventions defined in OpenTracing
specification.](https://github.com/opentracing/specification/blob/master/semantic_conventions.md)

### Configuring Advanced Tracing for Ballerina

> Tracing can be enabled in Ballerina with `--b7a.observability.enabled=true` flag as mentioned in the [Observing a Ballerina Service](#observing-a-ballerina-service) section, as well as configuration option. This section mainly focuses on the configuration options with description and possible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing can be enabled in Ballerina with the `--b7a.observability.enabled=true` flag as mentioned in the [Observing a Ballerina Service](#observing-a-ballerina-service) section, as well as a configuration option. This section mainly focuses on the configuration options with the description and possible values.
```

Configuration Key | Description | Default Value | Possible Values
--- | --- | --- | --- 
b7a.observability.tracing.enabled | Whether tracing is enabled (true) or disabled (false) | false | true or false

> b7a.observability.tracing.provider | Tracer name which implements tracer interface. | jaeger | jaeger or if any custom implementation, then name of the tracer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
b7a.observability.tracing.provider | Tracer name which implements tracer interface. | Jaeger | Jaeger or if any custom implementation, the name of the tracer.
```

Author: Name "jaeger" should be all in lowercase letter. Other suggestion fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

b7a.observability.tracing. jaeger.reporter.flush.interval.ms | Jaeger client will be sending the spans to the server at this interval. | 2000 | Any positive integer value.
b7a.observability.tracing. jaeger.reporter.max.buffer.spans | Queue size of the Jaeger client. | 2000 | Any positive integer value.

### Setting Up the External Systems for Tracing

> Ballerina by default supports Jaerger for distributed tracing. This section focuses on configuring the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ballerina supports Jaeger for distributed tracing. This section focuses on configuring 
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2

> Jaeger with Dockers as a quick installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jaeger with Docker as a quick installation.
```

Author: Fixed in ad688a6a3d97f0d8b4988ad4d3f624ee746d91b2
